# Soliman Auricular Allergy Treatment (SAAT) - Comments

I can say it’s really hard to not itch when you know they are there. They don’t itch… it’s just knowing! Ugh!

The provider told me it will take 3 treatments of needles plus a lot of mouth sprays to do to get my Mast Cell Activation shut down and my body reacting to everything shut down! I basically tested allergic to everything and their testing showed Mast Cell Activation! They said if the Mast Cell doesn’t shut off, we may have to do some other type treatment, but they said they’ve had success getting the Mast Cell Activation shut down by treating each individual allergy reaction with SAAT! I tested positive to metal and alcohol allergies which is why I’m having to wait to start the needles. They gave me these little pills to take to stop my body reacting to metal and alcohol because the sprays they use have alcohol in them, and of course the needles are metal!

The provider didn’t try to sell me anything else. Just the needles and telling me to up my vitamin C and not to drink, which I don’t. They said it will 100% not work if you drink alcohol. They seemed to think the 10 weeks would be ok. We will see! They looked at my labs, which only show a shrimp allergy, but went off of my symptoms, how many times I’ve been anaphylactic and had to use epi and all of the new foods I can’t eat. They also placed 2 temp needles at the top of both ears. They said these would fall out eventually and they are supposed to help clear the histamine. It was a 30 minute appointment, but they definitely spent more time talking to me and being very informative.

I am in my third round for MCAS but I’m confused. My muscles testing said I don’t have MCAS but I react to food. So we are trying to fight things that the muscle testing said I am allergic to such as pesticides and progesterone. I also have mold and Lyme.
